{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\
Software for automatically analyzing repeated measurements with the Otometrics vHit.\
\
Methods may be adaptable to other methods, once head and velocity data have been obtained or calculated.\
\
Requires Matlab with Signal Processing Toolbox\
\
Using Otometrics software:\
 - Last Name should be S[SubjectNumber], e.g. S01, S02, S03\
 - First Name G[Condition], e.g. G1, G2, G3\
 - Put on vHIT goggles, calibrate as per manufacturer\'92s directions.\
 - Write down or otherwise record the calibration value.\
 - You may start start and stop VOR measurements as desired. Each start/stop session will be analyzed as a separate block. If the program crashes, you can use the default calibration value (21) if recalibration would interrupt the experiment.\
\
For Analysis using MATLAB:\
 - Enter the Subject, Condition, and initial Calibration value for each condition in CalibrationValues.mat\
\
AutomateAllSubjects.m - Start here if you would like to analyze multiple subjects or conditions at once. Summary data will be exported to the SummaryData folder.\
\
AnalyzeVOR.m - Used to analyze a single subject & condition. May be used individually or via AutomateAllSubjects.m. Exports data to the Analyzed folder.\
\
CreateImages.m - Used to create plots. Computer resource intense. Images exported to the Images folder.\
\
fourier.m - Function for Fourier analysis.\
\
plotHvE.m - Used in CreateImages.m. Creates scatter plots of head vs. eye data. The slope is the total gain.\
\
plotVOR.m - Used in CreateImages.m. Plots raw eye velocity, filtered eye velocity, and head velocity against time in seconds.\
\
vorimport.m - Used in AnalyzeVOR.m. Imports Otometrics eye/head movement data.\
\
xmlimport.m - Used in AnalyzeVOR.m. Imports Otometrics calibration & start/stop time data.\
}